"Love After Addiction"
(Episode 12)
Please have a seat and rest here.
Not bad.
Sis, the style here is
pretty minimalist.
And the theme is quite rustic.
Better than I imagined.
Ranran, I am tired.
Sis, you guys rest first.
I'll ask the restaurant to prepare dinner.
Your luggage will be brought over soon.
Can I tag along with you?
Sis, take a rest first.
Let's go.
Give me your phone number.
Hello.
Could you please check us into a room?
Sure, one moment please.
Now we only have one twin room left.
But it's not an ocean
view room. Is that okay?
We want a king-size bed.
Two men sleeping in a king-size bed.
Done?
Sure thing!
The poached shrimp is almost ready.
Okay.
The shrimp is ready, you can serve it.
Is the garlic ready?
Come on, come on.
Head north.
Still need about
three more days to get out.
Any more?
There is.
Here.
Three little chickens and a hippo.
Sitting in a row.
The chicken
sitting on the fourth board
said to the hippo
on the third board:
Let's switch places.
The hippo asked, "Why?"
The chicken said:
You'll know once you switch.
So...
the chair collapsed.
Let me think about it again.
Can't figure it out.
Son, tell me quickly.
As a result...
the chicken disappeared.
Why?
Happy Match. [TN: He's making a joke about
the name of a a match-3 game but with animals]
This...
Dad, I'm done eating.
I'll go wash the dishes.
No, no, no need.
I'll clean up.
You should rest early.
Get to bed early, yeah?
(From: Wyndham Hui-Hui)
I bought two circus tickets.
But my friend suddenly has something to do.
So he can't make it.
Do you have time?
No.
Sure.
Sorry.
I thought you were Korean.
What's your name?
Yoki.
Thank you, Yoki.
If without you,
I would not be able to bring anything
and go see the God in early.
You, rest here.
Thank you.
Good night.
Feels like
you don't miss me as
much as you said you did.
Isn't that because...
Because of what?
Because of my sister?
Then you can't control your time.
Next time, can you
not look at me like that?
Every time I see that
expression on your face,
I can't control myself.
Then what expression do you want?
Mr. Xu.
The two male guests who
checked in during the day
want to have a word with you.
Alright, I got it.
Sis,
you were looking for me?
all the houses you can see
are all mine.
The entire island's homestays
also belong to me.
Really?
Have you heard of the Xu Guang Group?
Xu Guang?
Xu Guanghan?
That's my dad.
The son of the Xu Guang Group.
Isn't he called Xu Qing?
That's my older brother.
Really?
Sis, if you don't believe me,
I can have my father
call you right now.
Does Ranran know about this?
Why didn't you tell him?
What are you afraid of?
Afraid we'll cling to you?
I...
Sis, I'm sorry.
I'm really not how you think I am.
You know what I think?
Aren't you just trying to give me money
to make me leave him?
This is your dating fund.
It really is just like
what Ranran said.
Thank you.
For bringing me back to your country.
I really like here.
As you said:
Even if you accompany a
horse for a thousand miles
there must be a parting.
No, no, no.
It's "Even if you accompany a gentleman for
a thousand miles, there must be a parting."
You'll for sure see each other.
Believe me.
The Earth is round.
Bye, oh Lei. [TN: They're setting up a really
bad pun here that doesn't work in any language]
Only?
No, no, no.
Only.
That person is your only one.
Thank you.
You...
give me your email contact please.
Okay.
Bye, see you.
(Ye Ran: Yoki bro, text me
when you see this, it's urgent)
Brother Yoki.
At Che's homestay,
two men came.
They said they're your and Yang
Meng's middle school classmates.
It seems
they've spent all their money here.
They've taken a liking to the
Che's café at the top of the mountain.
They want to hold their wedding here.
The time is the day after tomorrow.
Will you come back?
You...
I'm ready to boarding now,
and I look forward to
eat a pie my wife makes,
and drink the tea I love
from my father.
On my way,
I've been thinking of your experience,
I'm deeply moved.
This is
an irrepressible story.
I want to develop it into a film.
And I want to ask you for your permission.
Besides,
I want you to fly
to New York, the day after.
And meet my producer.
I didn't tell you,
but I'm a director.
Looking forward to your response.
Can we let each other go?
You let me go.
The day after tomorrow,
I also want to try
the pie your wife makes.
Can't go back.
Can't disturb his life.
You haven't opened this package.
Do you need my help?
It's probably specialty
goods sent from the village.
Dad,
I'll take a shower first.
Can you open it for me?
Xiao Meng.
Before we talk business,
I need to apologize to you first.
Remember a year ago
the day you left?
The IOU I gave you?
You didn't open it at the time.
And I didn't force you.
Over the years,
whenever I think about it,
I can't sleep.
I was too selfish.
But I think you can understand.
At that time, the village
really had no money.
But now it's better.
More and more tourists are coming.
The village's seafood products
are directly sold overseas now.
We can finally repay this money.
No matter how old a person is,
they have some bad habits.
I don't have many.
Just a bit shy.
Can you help me get in touch with Yoki?
Help me return it to him.
The password is 101010.
Oh, right.
Two young people came to the village.
They said they're your
junior high school classmates.
Five days later,
they want to hold their wedding here.
I'm not sure if the package is fast or not,
or if you end up getting it or not.
Oh, right.
They're two young men.
We also didn't dare ask too much.
Brother Yang Meng
and Brother Yoki, hello.
Hope your friendship lasts forever.
This blessing
were taught to me by Mom and Dad.
(Greetings and updates from Xiao Hao
hoping Yang Meng comes back soon to Lanwan)
[TN: Messy handwriting with more miscelaneous updates.]
[TN: Auntie Liu sending auntie-style wishes]
[Close up of the IOU]
I was originally
planning to tell you the
good news when you landed.
But I just couldn't wait.
My producer
wants to invite you to play the
male lead Ennis in the film.
The other actor you'll surely like.
His name is Jack Travis.
Jack Travis!
Lei.
Let's meet and talk in detail.
This is something I made with my own hands.
Don't break it.
Are you traveling
domestically or internationally?
Buddy.
I thought
you weren't coming.
Your name is Yoki,
not "I thought."
Bought you a new one.
Yours is too old.
Then we're
still going?
What's the rush?
It's been a year.
Only a year.
Do you know how this year
has been for me?
Did I draw it poorly?
Pretty good, looks like you.
After attending the wedding,
are you still going back?
Listen carefully.
I know I'm pretty good. [TN:
Sounds like "listen carefully"]
You don't need to praise me.
I said listen carefully.
Starting today,
wherever you go,
I'll go too.
I just came back from Turkey.
Really beautiful.
Later I'll go to Thailand,
Singapore, Indonesia.
Wherever you go, I'll go.
"Lanwan's Lonely Mountaintop Cafe invites you to bear witness to our happiness."
Just having something to
eat and drink is enough, sis.
Let me do it.
Xiao Mei.
Which one here is the groom?
Which one is the bride?
Or two brides?
Two grooms?
Confused.
You know, Granny Tong,
they're just two young people.
Two young people?
I don't get it, I just don't get it.
The wind is so strong.
It won't rain later, will it?
I don't know if Brother Meng
and Yoki are still coming.
Hurry, hurry, we're running out of time.
What kind of route did you find, bro?
What's going on?
Seems like the battery died.
Why does this rain keep
starting and stopping?
Summer weather is just like this.
Let's not ride anymore.
Forget the bag?
With you, what do I need a bag for?
Let's go, we're running out of time.
Stop kissing, we're
running out of time, hurry up.
These two are outside
and have been standing for over an hour.
It's raining so heavily.
Can this wedding still start?
Brother Yoki said he'll definitely make it.
But if he can't arrive before six,
can't they wait a bit?
Only ten minutes left.
Definitely won't make it.
But if it can't happen,
wouldn't all the work be for nothing?
If it can't happen, then it can't happen.
Those two classmates of his
are so lovey-dovey as if
there's no one else in the world.
If they had the heart,
they would've contacted
each other long ago.
Are they as lovey-dovey as the two of us?
I've said what I like about you.
Alright.
If I knew it was going to rain today,
I wouldn't have worn white shoes.
Looks like this rain
shows no sign of stopping.
Seems like
that package
probably hadn't arrived yet.
Or it got lost.
There probably isn't a
password inside the letter, right?
Oh no.
I need to
call the bank quickly!
Contact me if there's anything.
Oh no, this is bad!
Tell me,
where did these two go again?
Appearing and disappearing mysteriously.
Never mind.
Start on time.
Wrap up when it's time.
Five more minutes.
Two minutes.
Only one minute left.
They're here.
Bro.
Classmate!
Why are you two still so lovey-dovey?
Exactly, exactly.